hey what's up guys this might be the
greatest day of my life right now man I
just tried it in the Mazda for the Audi
then I just messing with you guys but my
friend car we brought his car over so
about two plastic get the trim on it so
basically what we're about to do is
Plasti Dip this part of this car right
here the chrome since it kind of stands
out if you look at it from far away
we're gonna make it look a little flush
should make it all black so most robots
are doing it's pretty easy it's just the
same steps as as if you're gonna pass it
if your wheels probably just about like
five coats would be good and I'll let
you guys know what it looks like at the
end
atencion atencion